README.md, before:

# POP Material Motion Family written in Swift

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/material-motion/material-motion-family-pop-swift.svg?branch=develop)](https://travis-ci.org/material-motion/material-motion-family-pop-swift)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/material-motion/material-motion-family-pop-swift/branch/develop/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/material-motion/material-motion-family-pop-swift)

The POP Material Motion family provides a bridge between
[Facebook's POP library](https://github.com/facebook/pop) and the
[Material Motion runtime](https://github.com/material-motion/material-motion-runtime-objc).

## Supported languages

- Swift 3
- Objective-C

## Available plans

`SpringTo` uses POP springs to animate properties with a simulated spring curve driven on the main
thread of the application.

`ConfigureSpring` allows you to configure the friction and tension of the spring for a given
property.

## Installation

### Installation with CocoaPods

> CocoaPods is a dependency manager for Objective-C and Swift libraries. CocoaPods automates the
> process of using third-party libraries in your projects. See
> [the Getting Started guide](https://guides.cocoapods.org/using/getting-started.html) for more
> information. You can install it with the following command:
>
>     gem install cocoapods

Add `MaterialMotionPopFamily` to your `Podfile`:

    pod 'MaterialMotionPopFamily'

Then run the following command:

    pod install

### Usage

Import the framework:

    @import MaterialMotionPopFamily;

You will now have access to all of the APIs.

## Example apps/unit tests

Check out a local copy of the repo to access the Catalog application by running the following
commands:

    git clone https://github.com/material-motion/material-motion-family-pop-swift.git
    cd material-motion-family-pop-swift
    pod install
    open MaterialMotionPopFamily.xcworkspace

## Guides

1. [How to animate a property with a SpringTo plan](#how-to-animate-a-property-with-a-springto-plan)
2. [How to configure spring behavior](#how-to-configure-spring-behavior)

### How to animate a property with a SpringTo plan

Code snippets:

***In Objective-C:***

```objc
MDMSpringTo *springTo = [[MDMSpringTo alloc] initWithProperty:MDMPOPProperty<#property name#>
                                                  destination:<#Destination value#>];
[scheduler addPlan:springTo to:<#Object#>];
```

***In Swift:***

```swift
scheduler.addPlan(SpringTo(.<#property name#>, destination: <#Destination value#>),
                  to: <#Object#>)
```

### How to configure spring behavior

Code snippets:

***In Objective-C:***

```objc
MDMConfigureSpring *configureSpring = [[MDMConfigureSpring alloc] initWithProperty:MDMPOPProperty<#property name#>
                                                                           tension:<#tension#>
                                                                          friction:<#friction#>];
[scheduler addPlan:configureSpring to:<#Object#>];
```

***In Swift:***

```swift
let configureSpring = ConfigureSpring(.<#property name#>,
                                      tension: <#tension#>,
                                      friction: <#friction#>)
scheduler.addPlan(configureSpring, to: <#Object#>)
```

## Contributing

We welcome contributions!

Check out our [upcoming milestones](https://github.com/material-motion/material-motion-family-pop-swift/milestones).

Learn more about [our team](https://material-motion.gitbooks.io/material-motion-team/content/),
[our community](https://material-motion.gitbooks.io/material-motion-team/content/community/), and
our [contributor essentials](https://material-motion.gitbooks.io/material-motion-team/content/essentials/).

## License

Licensed under the Apache 2.0 license. See LICENSE for details.

Commit message:

Update references to spring configuration in README.md.
Reviewers: O2 Material Motion, O4 Material Motion Apple platform reviewers!

Tags: #material_motion

Differential Revision: http://codereview.cc/D1702

README.md, after:

# POP Material Motion Family written in Swift

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/material-motion/material-motion-family-pop-swift.svg?branch=develop)](https://travis-ci.org/material-motion/material-motion-family-pop-swift)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/material-motion/material-motion-family-pop-swift/branch/develop/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/material-motion/material-motion-family-pop-swift)

The POP Material Motion family provides a bridge between
[Facebook's POP library](https://github.com/facebook/pop) and the
[Material Motion runtime](https://github.com/material-motion/material-motion-runtime-objc).

## Supported languages

- Swift 3
- Objective-C

## Available plans

`SpringTo` uses POP springs to animate properties with a simulated spring curve driven on the main
thread of the application.

## Installation

### Installation with CocoaPods

> CocoaPods is a dependency manager for Objective-C and Swift libraries. CocoaPods automates the
> process of using third-party libraries in your projects. See
> [the Getting Started guide](https://guides.cocoapods.org/using/getting-started.html) for more
> information. You can install it with the following command:
>
>     gem install cocoapods

Add `MaterialMotionPopFamily` to your `Podfile`:

    pod 'MaterialMotionPopFamily'

Then run the following command:

    pod install

### Usage

Import the framework:

    @import MaterialMotionPopFamily;

You will now have access to all of the APIs.

## Example apps/unit tests

Check out a local copy of the repo to access the Catalog application by running the following
commands:

    git clone https://github.com/material-motion/material-motion-family-pop-swift.git
    cd material-motion-family-pop-swift
    pod install
    open MaterialMotionPopFamily.xcworkspace

## Guides

1. [How to animate a property with a SpringTo plan](#how-to-animate-a-property-with-a-springto-plan)
2. [How to configure spring behavior](#how-to-configure-spring-behavior)

### How to animate a property with a SpringTo plan

Code snippets:

***In Objective-C:***

```objc
MDMSpringTo *springTo = [[MDMSpringTo alloc] initWithProperty:MDMPOPProperty<#property name#>
                                                  destination:<#Destination value#>];
[scheduler addPlan:springTo to:<#Object#>];
```

***In Swift:***

```swift
scheduler.addPlan(SpringTo(.<#property name#>, destination: <#Destination value#>),
                  to: <#Object#>)
```

### How to configure spring behavior

A spring's behavior can be configured by setting a `SpringConfiguration` object on the SpringTo
instance.

Code snippets:

***In Objective-C:***

```objc
springTo.configuration = [[MDMSpringConfiguration alloc] initWithTension:<#tension#>
                                                                friction:<#friction#>];
```

***In Swift:***

```swift
springTo.configuration = SpringConfiguration(tension: <#tension#>,
                                             friction: <#friction#>)
```

## Contributing

We welcome contributions!

Check out our [upcoming milestones](https://github.com/material-motion/material-motion-family-pop-swift/milestones).

Learn more about [our team](https://material-motion.gitbooks.io/material-motion-team/content/),
[our community](https://material-motion.gitbooks.io/material-motion-team/content/community/), and
our [contributor essentials](https://material-motion.gitbooks.io/material-motion-team/content/essentials/).

## License

Licensed under the Apache 2.0 license. See LICENSE for details.
